I'm looking for you and I don't know where you are, I'm looking for answers
When was the last time I saw you smile?
My queen used to tell you, her legs trembled
With you the nights were not to sleep
Sometimes I ignore it, I smoke and drink alone
I always thought I shouldn't ask you
I exchanged your money for gold, you were my treasure
I didn't know that one day you would forget about me
And, and, about me And, and, about you
I didn't know that one dayyou would forget about me
I didn't know that one day you would forget about me
And, and, about me And, and, about me
And, and, about me And, and, about you
Yeah, yeah
Sometimes I miss you, but I want to forgive you
Baby, throw yourself at the canvas
You left my stamina at zero
Don't call me when you feel alone
Baby, I know you miss the cars too
Being love when we were expensive
Yeah
Everything was a lie when you told me
Baby, I miss you
That we would last for years
Baby, it hurt, I deceive you
I hope this song is over
And I finally forget about you
I look for you and I don't know where you are
I've been looking for answers
When was the last time I saw you smile?
I told my queen
My legs trembled
I didn't know that one day you would forget about me
And, and, about me And, and, about you
And, and, about me And, and, about me
I didn't know that one day you would forget about me
And, and, about me And, and, about you
Yeah, ah